Unknown Speaker  0:01  
Every big life lesson I've learned

Unknown Speaker  0:04  
 how to channel my competitive fire

Unknown Speaker  0:06  
, how to be a supportive teammate, or partner,

Unknown Speaker  0:09  
 how to focus on what I can control and try to let go of what I can't. 

Unknown Speaker  0:15  
All of that I've learned through sports.

Unknown Speaker  0:20  
My name is Jodie African. 

Unknown Speaker  0:21  
And I'm the host of a new show called good sport.

Unknown Speaker  0:21  
 It's a podcast about how sports can connect us with one another. 

Unknown Speaker  0:29  
Help us understand the world around us. Help us improve our

Unknown Speaker  0:33  
 oh my god, did we make a self help podcast? 

Unknown Speaker  0:38  
Well, kinda, because I do think sports can help. 

Unknown Speaker  0:42  
And this season at least they've helped me answer some questions I've had for a long, long time. 

Unknown Speaker  0:47  
Like, for instance, why does it feel like every new stadium that gets built leaves people feeling like they got fleeced? 

Unknown Speaker  0:55  
Well, it's because those deals are negotiated by people who talk like this. 

Unknown Speaker  0:59  
What should we do here? Ethically never ever comes up when you're negotiating a stadium deal? 

Unknown Speaker  1:05  
Or another question we get into why certain places are really good at producing professional athletes, and what these hot beds can teach us about giving people a fair shot. 

Unknown Speaker  1:16  
The baseline talent has to be there. And then we go from there. And yes, after that point, we are talking about nurture. And we are talking about belief. 

Unknown Speaker  1:25  
Before I took on this show, I hosted the 538 politics podcast and 30 for 38 ESPN. So I've thought a lot about how sports and politics mirror each other. 

Unknown Speaker  1:35  
Like this. I've noticed maybe you have too, that more and more the template for arguing about sports. It's kind of become the template for arguing about everything. 

Unknown Speaker  1:45  
Just take a word and say it loudly three times in a row. So preposterous, preposterous. Preposterous. 

Unknown Speaker  1:53  
Another episode this season is about my relationship with sports or no longer playing sports. 

Unknown Speaker  1:58  
What happens when you can't play at the same level you're used to? 

Unknown Speaker  2:02  
Well, I talked to soccer legend Carli Lloyd about how hard it is to hang it up. 

Unknown Speaker  2:07  
You always have this this image in your mind of how you would like things to play out. And life doesn't always give you exactly what you want. 

Unknown Speaker  2:17  
Well, it's like sports teaching you one last lesson on the way out. 

Unknown Speaker  2:21  
Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  2:23  
So that's a taste of good sport. 

Unknown Speaker  2:25  
eight episodes, each one on a compelling question that sports can help us explore. 

Unknown Speaker  2:31  
We'll talk about getting in the zone, the rise of Formula One, lots, lots more.

Unknown Speaker  2:36  
 And I hope it all adds up to this, 

Unknown Speaker  2:39  
an argument from me to you, 

Unknown Speaker  2:41  
that sports really matter, 

Unknown Speaker  2:43  
that they can change our understanding of the world and ourselves.

Unknown Speaker  2:48  
 And that sports can you know, make for a fun eight part podcast that hopefully you'll listen to.

Unknown Speaker  2:54  
 That's up to you, I guess. 

Unknown Speaker  2:56  
Anyway, that's what we're up to this season on good sports from the TED audio collective. 

Unknown Speaker  3:02  
See you soon. 

Unknown Speaker  3:05  
Follow good sport wherever you get your podcasts and on Apple podcasts. You can get good sports ad free and a week early by subscribing to Ted audio collective plus, start your free trial now via the good sport Show page.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
